Expand Section Links documentation and add a section for Custom Anchors (#33531)
github/docs: data/reusables/repositories/custom-anchors.md

Use HTML anchor tags (`<a id="unique-anchor-name"></a>`) to create navigation anchor points to any place in the document.

> [!NOTE]

> > Custom anchors will not be included in the document outline/Table of Contents.

Author: Hm, that's a good catch.

Do you have any thoughts on better wording? I felt the note was important in case people expected the same behavior as octothorpes, but I'm certainly not married to the verbiage.

As a bit of context, one of the things that led me to write this section in the first place is that there are quite a few docs on MS Learn that use anchor tags. I was about to fix some inconsistencies in a couple docs, but it turned into a rabbit hole of following a bunch of anchors and a fair amount of duplicated text. 

The place I ultimately landed my focus was on the anchors, partially as something I wanted to both verify and ensure consistency of, since I wanted to fully understand how they were being interpreted and mangled, before getting into the rest of it all. But it wasn't mentioned, so I figured I'd experiment and then document for posterity. 😅

> > Custom anchors will not be included in the document outline/Table of Contents.

Reviewer: if you e.g. demonstrate the difference between heading links that are not created inside comments, whereas custom anchors are, it'll give you the path to also mention autogenerated ToC for documents won't include them (but in context demonstrating the anchor use is not restricted to just documents but any input that accepts md on the site…)

> > Custom anchors will not be included in the document outline/Table of Contents.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for opening this discussion, that's a great point that I overlooked.

We could revise this note to be more general - something like:

> Any HTML you include in markdown content is rendered directly. If you include custom anchors for headings in a markdown file, the anchors are not recognized as headings by the markdown processor.

> Link to custom anchors by using the `id` given to the anchor.

Author: > that might get filtered in situations where classes and ids are stripped, but ‹a name="foo"> will still work — not sure whether that's more official, but is definitely preferred, and even the own docs guides use `name` in examples: https://docs.github.com/en/contributing/style-guide-and-content-model/style-guide#adding-anchors-to-preserve-links

I did quite a bit of testing to ensure I was documenting actual behavior. The way I wrote it, at least at the time, was what my of course non-exhaustive testing revealed.

Being an undocumented "feature," that's all that was really available for me to do, without being familiar with the pipeline that produces the final rendered content.

My thinking was that, in the course of this PR, a formal behavior could be either gleaned from the source or defined here, to be formally implemented however it is settled upon. Since it's all over the place in other ms learn documents, it seems only fair for it to be documented. 🙂

> Link to custom anchors by using the `id` given to the anchor.

Author: Adding to that thought, I do kinda think a formal spec for the feature and perhaps even exposure of it in the slash menu or something for didcoverability is warranted.

Otherwise, it's effectively an unsafe-for-public-consumption internal abuse of the markup that IMO shouldn't be used in public open source documents at all. Lead by example and all that. 😅

> Link to custom anchors by using the `id` given to the anchor.

Reviewer: There are many systems using many renders and formatting libraries used around the site, so there's no formal spec how that behaves once you start going too much into detail (as every place has its own implementation specifics…) — so it's better to be safe and a bit vague;)

(The "id" behav has changed over the past decade, whereas "name" stays consistent, and is used in style guide docs as an example, that's why I'm offering it as a more stable alternative; also not interfering with the rest of the page if one's not too careful…)

> Link to custom anchors by using the `id` given to the anchor.

Reviewer 2: I had forgotten that we already have guidance on custom anchors for the GitHub docs site itself 🙈 

I agree with @janbrasna that `name` would be better here. The GitHub docs site is rendered using different process from the content on the GitHub platform, but it will avoid introducing confusion.

The GitHub docs have limited information on the use of HTML in markdown files and fields that accept markdown. My understanding is that this is intentional - we don't want to end up writing an HTML primer, there are lots of those already. However, it sounds as if adding information on custom anchors will be useful to users.

For example:

```markdown
# Section Heading

Some body text of this section.

> <a id="my-custom-anchor-point"></a>

Reviewer 2: Replacing with `name` to align with the information on contributing to GitHub docs.

```suggestion
<a name="my-custom-anchor-point"></a>
```

Some text I want to provide a direct link to, but which doesn't have its own heading.

...more content...

[A link to that custom anchor](#my-custom-anchor-point)

> ```

Author: I think that's a semi-common issue in that document, as a whole, actually, so I agree and think one or more advanced or details or whatever pages are warranted for various features in that rather large document.

> ```

Author: That would also aid mobile-friendliness. Github doc pages can be VERY heavy on mobile browsers.

> [!TIP]
> Custom anchors are not considered by the automatic naming and numbering behavior of automatic heading links.\

> > To avoid ambiguous references, use a unique naming scheme for custom anchors, such as adding a prefix to the `id` attribute value of custom anchors.

Reviewer 2: We can probably delete this if we expand the note above as suggested 🤔

You can use standard HTML anchor tags (`<a name="unique-anchor-name"></a>`) to create navigation anchor points for any location in the document.

> [!NOTE]
> Custom anchors will not be included in the document outline/Table of Contents.

> You can link to a custom anchor with the name, `name`, you gave the anchor. The syntax is exactly the same as when you link to an anchor that is automatically generated for a heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can link to a custom anchor using the value of `name` attribute you gave the anchor. The syntax is exactly the same as when you link to an anchor that is automatically generated for a heading.
```

Some body text of this section.

<a name="my-custom-anchor-point"></a>
Some text I want to provide a direct link to, but which doesn't have its own heading.

> ...more content...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(… more content…)
```

(basically just better ellipsis)
